INTRODUCTION:
Berlin is known to be one of the most multi-cultural cities in europe and has a lot to offer in terms of restaurants, beergardens etc. 
The problem statement for this project is where to open a new coffee inside the Berlin main area.
This problem is relevant for every young entrepreneur who is looking to rise a new business inside Berlin.
Especially due to political and industrial density, the location matters a lot and gives this project even more meaning. 

DATA:
The Data used to find the best location for a  new coffee in Berlin is based on the foursquare location API. 
The Idea is to find low density spots with high walk-through rate in neighborhoods of good reputation. 
To find those spots, a density-map is created showing all coffes and giving insight on free areas. 

METHODOLOGY:
In this project, no exploratory data analaysis was necessary since its density based and only relies on the foursquare API data. 

RESULTS:
The Data clearly indicates that around the politcal center, close to Brandenbruger Tor, there are almost no coffees at all. Moreover, the eastern Part of Berlin
south to Prenzlauer Breg shows great potential for a new coffee since the are almost no competitiors in this area. 

DISCUSSION:
Looking at the different areas with low coffee density, I would suggest the area near Brandenburger Tor. It's and area thats most visited by tourists and in addition,
its close to the political centre of Berlin which offers another great opportunity for customer aquisition. 

CONCLUSION: 
To conclude this Project, we can say that there are still a few areas in Berlin which have a low density in coffee's and with regard to Berlin's development throughout 
the past years, this situation can be exploited quite easily thanks to the density analysis carried out in this project. However, one should keep in mind that 
the foursquare API explicitly searched for coffees and thus did not consider restaurants and bars. When choosing a location to open a new business, this can be another factor. 